let's take you to Beirut where Hamas
spokesman hamdan is
speaking as our people cannot find
anything to feed their children the
situation is dire and they are using
liptock as they are trying to bake from
liptock this is a declared starvation
war against more than 700,000
Palestinians in this region the whole
word should remember always that this
war has started with a clear decision
that emanated from the government of the
Israeli occupation forces
Netanyahu and the defense minister
Gallen where when they decided last
October
99 to stop and not allow any water or
fuel to access Gaza this is a war crime
and the the world did not do anything
about it or to put an end to
it even after the international court of
justice has declared that this is a war
crime or intentional War crime against
the people in Gaza Strip the situation
is escalating the situation is dire and
the whole world is watching every
day as our children and our women are
screaming and suffering in the north and
even after many people died because of
hunger now the situation is really
urgent the willingness of the Israeli
occupation forces to let our people die
out of hanger with an intent to commit a
war crime this is threatening the
lives of more than 10,000 Palestinians
who could
die as our people are waiting for the
International Community and the United
Nations with all its agencies to take
the concrete steps immediately in order
to let all the
AIDS enter the strip and to put an end
to the besiege and to end this massacres
we are surprised with the decision of Po
in order to stop all the food aids to
Northern Gaza after three days of trying
or attempts to let some very small aids
to get into Gaza as this humanitarian
crisis is deepen every day in this
region we call on fou and all the UN
agencies including
Ona not to surrender to the decision of
the enemy and all its decisions to
impose a war crime and to resume their
activities and operations in Northern
Gaza and to take conrete steps and
measures in order to rescue our people
and offer some relief in order to avoid
the hunger that is now threatening the
lives of our people and to take to take
responsibility our national Duty also is
imposing on us in order
to take conrete measures and to put an
end to the
besiege and to
convene and according to the Urgent
Summit that took place last
month they need to take concrete
measures immediately in order to put an
end to this war and to avoid hunger
in Northern Gaza we also send a message
to all the governments to people and
international institutions across the
world who are refusing the ongoing
besiege on
Gaza to take moves and to to act swiftly
in order to put an end to the actions
and Crimes of the Israeli occupation
forces in know and to allow all the food
and AIDS assistance to access the strip
of Gaza by land and
sea we also send a message to our
brothers on the official level and to
all the people from all the
countries where
the assistant assistance trucks are
being sent to the occupier we send a
message so that all those eight trucks
should be suspended until the besiege on
Gaza is ended and all the merchants that
are dealing with and businesses that are
dealing with Israel we tell them that
this trade and this business this is
Pro those prophets are stained with
blood of Palestinians do you accept this
do you accept to have unlawful prophets
second as the schemes and plans against
Jerusalem and Al aaos
continue and all the raids and daily
crimes in West Bank and in alayash
Bank the Israeli occupation forces
continue its war against al akam MOS and
are continuing to take measures to
restrict and
prevent Palestinians from accessing the
mosque Jan as Ramadan
approach those settlers extremist
settlers who are taking those
measures is a religious war and a war
against our
religion
that is and those measures are against
our
mosque as those extremists continue to
commit those crimes against Al aaos and
all the people who would like to access
the MOs we confirm that Al AA mosque was
purely Muslim and will continue to be so
there is there will be no sovereignty
and there will be no control from the
occupier regardless their schemes and
regardless their
power our people and our nation will
continue to defend the mosque with all
the means until it is completely freed
from the hands of the
occupier we call our people in
Palestine in Jerusalem and in the West
Bank to refuse those decisions and to
reject the decisions and any other
similar decisions and also to
continue to protect Al AA the Blessed AA
against all those crimes and to block
all those decisions and screams that are
aiming
at aiming against aimed against the AL
AA anything that could touch the freedom
of of worship in Al AA will never be not
held accountable regardless the prices
and the
sacrifices we renew our message to our
nation that defending Al
aaos is defending the pride and the
Dignity of our nation and also is
defending the holy sites and the mosque
of the prophet and all the holy sites of
our and it is also defending all the
Arab Nations and if we hesitate in
defending Al AA MOS or to pay the prices
in order to protect Al AA will only
be will have only one meaning which is
not being able to defend our pride and
our dignity and
our holy sites third as we regarding the
hostages swap
we would like to
confirm that the government of
Netanyahu that see that think that
prolonging the war will not will help
them not to be
held accountable is still not accepting
the fair propositions and the fair
demands of Hamas and the different
Palestinian factions
including to stop the aggression
and to let all the displaced people to
go back to their homes and to lift The
Siege in order to reconstruct everything
that was distracted by the occupation
forces we have tried to deal with them
reasonably and based on our priorities
including to put an end to the war
against people in Gaza and to put an end
to their humanitarian
suffering and that all the displaced can
go back to their homes and also to lift
The Siege and to start reconstructing
this
trip we have been positive and we
adopted a positive
stances including to put an end to the
war against people in gasan to put an
end to their the suffering that that was
imposed by the Israeli occupation forces
and also the right of displaced people
to go back to their homes in Northern
Gaza and in all the different areas of
Gaza and also to allow the assistant to
access Gaza and to strike to start
immediately the construction of Gaza
Netanyahu should be held responsible and
also instructed the delegation with four
main points including not to stop the
war or not to retrieve from this trip
not to allow this place to go back to
the north to Northern Gaza and not to
have any concrete deal for hostages swap
the personal interests of Netanyahu that
who is backed with the extremist
settlers those
goals are against any all the stances
that are being put on the table
this requires from International
Community and all the concerned
countries to review the situation in an
objective way as the government of
Netanyahu continue insists in continuing
the war in Gaza against our people not
care enough killing more prisoners that
are with the resistance as they continue
to
bomb they will never stop by any
initiatives this requires clear and firm
stances and practical measures against
the occupier that should put an end to
this war and to also meet the
requirements and the aspirations of our
people meaning putting an end to the
occupation on our
land we confirm once
again that this
Army failed to achieve their goals
including to eliminate the resistance or
to bring back or release the hostages
will not be able to achieve those goals
in any steps or any phase of this war
and that the resistance the Palestinian
resistance including
alasam brigades will continue to face
this Army until they eliminate them
completely fourth regarding the reporter
the report of the High Commissioner High
Envoy of the United Nations regarding
what is being committed against the
women and children in
Gaza in the report that was issued
regarding human rights the High
Commissioner Office issued a report on
11 February that confirmed that women
and girls in Palestinian are being
violated systematically by the Israeli
forces
since the start of the attacks on
October 7 in Gaza and West
Bank the report mentioned several of
those
violations
including the violations and the
persecution and the killing even if
people do raise White flags and
also they violated several women and
girls including prisoners that were
treated
inhumanely that was defined by the
report as women and CH and girls being
deprived from food medicine and being
kept in cages under the rain without
food one of those other forms of this
violation was sexual violation including
stripping people from their clothes and
the report also confirmed that there
were there were some rape cases and rape
threatenings
threats and also taking photos
humiliating photos of women and posting
them on internet internet including
kidnapping of children and girls such as
kidnapping of a baby girl and also
separating parents from their children
and we still do not know where some
children are they are still
missing we are calling for an
international independent investigation
that should start immediately in order
to investigate and inquire in those
issues and violations and to hold the
occupation responsible in accordance
with the law of Rome we also sent a
message to the whole
world regarding some lies that were
promoted by Netanyahu and were repeated
by blinkin
and Biden and different members
officials of the US government since
October 7 and regarding the crimes of
October 7 we have one question where are
all those institutions now when it comes
to the Palestinians or the lives of
Palestinians are not important or they
don't care about a report that was
issued by a un office and they continue
to just believe the lies that was
promoted by Netanyahu and the occupation
forces a war of starvation against
700,000 Palestinians in this region the
words there of Assam hamdan the
spokesperson for Hamas he went on to
reference the violation of the rights of
women and girls in G
sexual violence and rapes this after
United Nations experts on Monday
released a call for an investigation
into what they've documented as rapes
and violation against women and girls in
Gaza